Final list of reccomendations based on the conglomerated data analysis:
Looking at the information in the paper, we can make an educated estimate that there will be considerable demand for 
online education. Collectively looking at  the findings we see consistent trends based on which 
we put forward our recommendations. Target trust building at parental level: Repeated use of the lexicon in dataset-2 
postures towards a uniform notion that criticism and praise of e-learning  stems from how well it caters to vulnerabilities 
of the systems and individuals involved.  We found in dataset-1 that much of student satisfaction, at university level, depended 
on either  social or performance-based factors. At a parallel , when we looked at the word-cloud we found keywords 
like parents, children, boards, and anxiety. We can derive a predicate based on the negative externalities derived 
through these factors. They indicate that if parents have a negative perception of the system,  children are also likely to. 
This is supported by our analysis of attribute E7 that deals with relative’s perceptions. Involving parents’ feedback in 
improving e-learning could help gain their trust in the system, thus positively influencing students’ perceptions. 
Adopt Compassionate Examination Practices: Having anxiety may justify why children have  a negative perception. 
As inferred from the tweets, that anxiety may be based  on  factors like board examinations or discomfort with social 
interactions. Policies like asking students to attempt exams with the camera on or minimizing the time may create unnecessary 
stress in an already stressful environment. Exams that constitute major grade components should be taken in a relaxed 
environment, with extra time being given to accommodate power failures, connectivity issues etc. 
Prioritize Collaborative Assessments: Lack of social interaction is a recurring concern in the tweets. 
The constant indication, that the people involved  want social influence, suggests that isolation tactics like individual 
examinations, if partially exchanged with group assessments could mitigate negative externalities to some extent. 
Social tactics like  group projects may cause positive externalities. If we were to institute online education, it could be 
an opportunity to integrate effective learning in the system. A major grievance of teachers and parents alike happens to be 
academic dishonesty as students collaborate on individual assignments. If students are given assessments that are designed, 
instead, for groups, in which peer teaching is encouraged, this will mitigate the problem. The focus should be on learning 
conceptually rather than learning conventionally. Adopt Innovative, Open Book Assessments: Assessment materials should be 
designed to stimulate student’s minds. Again, the idea of testing concepts rather than rote learning is important here. 
Design challenging problems for students to solve. Let students use online resources to work through it. This would be better 
than making assessment materials by copy-pasting textbook questions for which the answers can also be copy pasted. 
Plagiarism should be discouraged at both the student and teacher level. Make Vivas Mainstream: A major concern with group 
projects is that some students tend to contribute less than others and benefit off others’ efforts. Well-structured, open 
book vivas assessments can give the teachers a great idea of students’ standing and provide mitigation of the academic 
dishonesty challenge. Create content repositories for accountable teaching: As recommended by Hoodbhoy, lectures should be 
recorded and all teaching material should be saved to a university repository, regularly audited, and scrutinized for quality 
control. The outcry behind online education be a microcosm that magnifies the problems which are already present in in-person 
education because most of the problems in theory have the distinct duality also occurring in in-person education. 
With the practices recommended above, the major challenges can be addressed for a sustainable, ethical and experience centric 
future of e-learning that any institution that capitalizes on.
